with herbs but thanks to was that of
the good if I continue like that changes
a double album is the real story
from then I give it to you when it's
signed dr that it changes the whole thing
I put them darker but what they
have done to assume the sale of blocks
who will make them sink
a child what code or a post of the
candle soon the age of life it will be cash
money and pushed at this hour very
late and we would have already down and well
do not and does not accept that rap or
the brother was devices anyway if you
believe that your morbid jealousy is that
you really do not know where you are
beast never missed anyone I would leave
without debt threw his breakdown at sun
she's bringing in hundreds because a
jc rate we them doctor I know
I thank you I balance it
mix every six months to forget about it
it's us to make it's me
I thank you I unpack years a
mixtape every six months reminds that
actor to the listener
apple 2 last
well there when jay kay hian apple that
yannick joyal kubla nightmare
author to another
their call to the last to the doctor ya
the coast chicken iad apple cage end fine
vanilla the bahia player that the
snow on the table of the studio boya
since a g I come out of the cabin sees
same hen 1 g sasso van haaster age
swiss where jack and younger cadets you
we had said that the mixtape their
blast no worry we are in
manage to do that but I said to my
left as the unemployed wait rsa
meanwhile nothing bump but she
the accuses the pods obliged autographed
Fons darche the caq d'oise rap
do the hatch to smoke I cut myself
a serious take up grade and at
meshing makes crab stark with the do
per day one can become amnesic
mix of rap cases made
home music is cited smashed in
the dark urine tube or the head without
stop you way why angers I
no site to catch but I'm
not like the others it's not with the
lead to control the network
and those who do not know corn
ask alas when I leave
think again that going to leave everything
luckily I understood and that I
am one day they will ask that
tool commands and free is
besides to have you boussu bayer
bitterness and three or four corners
I therefore thou art also helped
aiea that you are 2 cloves of garlic and has
well pu but three or four years I had
you will be somewhere else after the doctor
in the fall
at palau last
yesterday the chicken side via the app that apple
cavani
doctor hello doctors call 2 tergnier
hello doctors Yann chic rating and shock
iad apple of the way of vanilla
of the player by accuses the left